Gyulafehérvár (Transylvania)
Constance Anne Herschel
Christophe Honoré
No, the directors of Beauty and the Bad Man and Wild Child are from different countries. William Worthington is American and Nick Moore is British.
1532 (approximately)
Lewis Watson, 1st Earl of Rockingham
1275
Not provided in the text.
Paul Vincent Carroll studied at St Patrick's College, Dublin.
Katherine Stenholm (Unusual Films)
Roger Corman (The Secret Invasion)
Richard Thorpe (The House of the Seven Hawks)
Marie of Brabant's paternal grandmother is Margaret of Brabant.
William Busac
Richard Trench, 2nd Earl of Clancarty died on 24 November 1837.
Martin Kunert (born Marcin Stanisław Kunert-Dziewanowski) is from Poland.
Willard Parker
Indradhanura Chhai (1993) came out earlier than The Death Of Black King (1971).
No, the directors of The Reincarnation of Golden Lotus and I'll Get By (Film) are from different countries. Clara Law is
No, Rhosgoch is located in Wales, United Kingdom, and Qaleh-Ye Sahar is located in Iran.
Mysore Shrinivas Sathyu
Kristiania (now Oslo)
Kathy Griffin graduated from the Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute.
The director of Hell Up In Harlem was born first.
Cipriano Castro (1858) was born first.
The director of The Year Of The Rabbit did not die, while the director of Monster On The Campus, Jack Arnold, died in 19
Altuğ Çelikbilek (younger)
Jugband Blues came out first.
No, Open Mobile and Primestar are not located in the same country. Open Mobile is a mobile network operator based in Puerto Rico, while Primestar
Baldwin I Rátót's paternal grandfather is Rathold Rátót.
Nepal (Jayajyotir Malla)
Arthur Acheson, 1st Earl of Gosford
John Paul Getty Sr.
Goring-on-Thames, Oxfordshire, UK
No, the directors are not of the same nationality. Gabrielle Beaumont is British and Reginald Fogwell is British.
The Abduction Club (Stefan Schwartz) was directed first.
Above Rubies (1932)
Raoul Walsh (Blue Blood And Red) > Elliot Silverstein (The Longshot)
George Whaley was born in Castlemaine, Victoria, Australia.
Lyudmyla Olyanovska (1993) was born later than Paul De Scherff (1820).
Istanbul
Melun, France
Edwin L. Marin (Henry Goes Arizona) died first.
Welsh
Lagu Kenangan (1953)
Buenos Aires
Magdalene Sibylle of Holstein-Gottorp
Landshut
Annia Fundania Faustina
Bajo Otro Sol (1988), Riding The California Trail (1947)
Lisa Azuelos
Charles Winkler
August 2, 1702
Castile
Miley Naa Miley Hum (2011)
Leonard Katzman (Space Probe Taurus)
Lynn Reynolds (Tom Mix In Arabia)
Seven In The Sun (director died later)
Dr. Socrates was released first.
Woman In The Moon (1929)
Peter Rosegger is older than Ruel Redinger.
Vasily Karatygin (brother-in-law)
Jessi Colter
No, Twin Cairns Island and Nova Zembla Island are not located in the same country. Twin Cairns Island is in Canada
Erich Haenisch (1880-1966) died before William Pooley (died 1629).
American
No, Nick Varner is American and Carl Duser is American.
H. Bruce Humberstone (Ladies Love Danger)
Pablo Sorozábal (died in Madrid)
Not provided in the text.
The Great Man's Lady
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
Garhi Khuda Bakhsh (Larkana District)
Nekfeu was born in La Trinité, France.
Prince Wilhelm of Prussia
Yes, both Gut (Crișul Alb) and Gepiș are located in Romania.
William Herbert, 1st Earl of Pembroke (died 1469)
Sir Paul Gore, 1st Baronet
Fatimid
Louis Breslow's wife, Marion Byron, was born in Dayton, Ohio.
The spouse of the director of Ann Carver's Profession is not specified in the provided text.
Pigsty (Film) came out earlier.
Fayetteville, Arkansas
Det Sande Ansigt came out earlier.
Dino Risi (Il Gaucho)

Riyad Vinci Wadia (Bomgay)
Beaulieu-sur-Loire
The PyramMMMid came out first.
No, the directors are from different countries. Jacques Tourneur is French and Jean Rollin is French.
Arsenic poisoning
Albert Pyun (American)
Kamehameha I (Hawaiian husband)
X-Paroni came out earlier.
Vasantha Raagam was released earlier.
Lee Kun-hee
Charles of Valois
Date of death of Duleep Singh's father is unknown.
Fredrikstad
Jacques Dutronc (the performer of "Et moi, et moi, et moi") was married to Françoise Hardy.
Charles Wheatstone lived longer than Jean-Claude Lauzon.
Perryville, Missouri
Herbert Wilcox (London Melody) died first.
Fernando Flaínez
Amanda Sorvino (daughter)
No, Ding Yaping and Johann Christian Gustav Lucae are not of the same nationality. Ding Yaping is Chinese, while Johann Christian Gust
Frederick I of Denmark
Heonjong of Goryeo's father, Seonjong of Goryeo, did not have a specified cause of death mentioned
Eleanor of Castile, Mary of Woodstock's mother, died in Harby, Nottinghamshire, England in 1290
Dante Lam won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Director for Tiramisu (2008).
The date of death of P. Neelakantan, the director of Nallavan Vazhvan, is unknown.
Nathaniel McLenaghan (1912), Frederick Cleveland Morgan (1962)
Tisch School of the Arts
Vittorio Cottafavi (A Woman Has Killed) is older than Román Chalbaud (Cuchillos de Fuego).
The Ballad Of Josie was released earlier.
Rock Street Journal
Edward Dmytryk (The Piper's Price) died first.
American and American
Louise Marie Adélaïde de Bourbon, born on 13 March 1753.
J. Lee Thompson (No Trees In The Street)
Methala, Kerala
Alkohol (1919) came out earlier than Night of Dark Shadows (1970).
Do Musafir (Devendra Goel)
No, Revolt in the Big House is from the United States and The Fugitive (1914 Film) is from Russia.
Michael Small
Alejandro Doria (Contragolpe)
Mumbai
The Comedians of Comedy came out first.
Alex Cox (Tombstone Rashomon) was born before Yeşim Ustaoğlu (Waiting For The Clouds).
Kishore Sahu (Dhuen Ki Lakeer)
José A. Ferreyra (Perdón, viejita)
University of Wisconsin-Madison
Dudley Russell was born first.
Vytautas Straižys (August 20, 1936) was born before Mirjam Polkunen
Died in 1933, in France.
Menno Meyjes (born 1954, Eindhoven)
Women's Suffrage Journal was established first.
London
Mayor Muthanna
Yes, both films have French directors. René Clément directed The Glass Castle (1950 Film), and Raymond Leboursier directed The Ferret
Born in Morocco.
Akkad (Sargon of Akkad's capital)
Solemn Promise (1909), Tarzan The Magnificent (1960)
The Man Is Armed (Franklin Adreon)

Wolf Warrior (Wu Jing)
Trịnh Cương
Nathan Juran was born in Gura Humorului, Romania.
Nipsey Hussle was born in Los Angeles, California.
Poveri Milionari (Dino Risi)
Adolf III of Berg
No, The Other Half (2016 Film) and Spy Kids 2: The Island Of Lost Dreams are not from the same country.
Helge Schneider
Una Prostituta Al Servizio Del Pubblico E In Regola Con Le Leggi Dello Stato (1970) came out
No, The Hatton Garden Job is a British film and Carry On Cleo is a British comedy film series.
Bhanurangsi Savangwongse
Elizabeth Heneage
Éric Rohmer
Peter Greenaway, the director of Eisenstein In Guanajuato, was born in Newport, Monmouthshire, Wales.
Virginia
Romania
Francis Leclerc
Jacques, Duke of Nemours
Henry II, Holy Roman Emperor
Jiang (ancestral name)
5 September 1896
Guy Newall (actor) was not married. Guy Newall (director) is not mentioned to be married in the provided text.
1813
Robert Hartford-Davis (1923-1977)
Maya Deren (1917-1961
No, Jake Eisenhart is American and Michael T. Ullman is American.
Antoine Casavant (1826) before Abdul Ali Lalu (1932)
Oxford University
Sir Hew Dalrymple
Ravi Tandon (Khud-Daar) was born earlier.
Paul W. S. Anderson (director of Soldier) has no spouse mentioned in the provided text.
Mary of Enghien died in Lecce.
San Diego Film Festival, Cinema City International Film Festival, Anthem Film Festival/FreedomFest
German
Eldar Ryazanov (Station For Two)
Scotland
Unknown, but his father died between 1234 and 1236.
1666
Mario Camus (The Wind's Fierce)
James Whale died by suicide in 1957.
Ajman
Prenzlau
Yurek Bogajevicz (born Jerzy Bogajewicz)
Giorgio Ordelaffi (born 1411)
John A. McDougald was born in Toronto, Ontario.
The Third Kiss (1919 film)
No, Leslie Pietrzyk is American and Marianne Wiggins is Austrian.
Bogdan Țăruș (1975) was born first.
Duilio Coletti (Folgore Division) died first.
Durango Valley Raiders (1938)
No, Howard Lake (British Columbia) and North Buck Lake (Alberta) are not located in the same country. The former is in Canada
Vienna, Austria
Johnny Ekström
No, Yana Urqu (Q'umirqucha) and Puka Rumi are not located in the same country. Yana Urqu (
Edward I of England
Norman Panama died of complications from Parkinson's disease.
Piers de Geneville
Albertus Seba died first. Ali Dinar died in 1916. Albertus Seba died in 1736.
Maria Carolina of Naples and Sicily
Prince of Arcadia
Marco Risi
Herbert Maisch died in Köln.
